well aler is Hy Mahmud joins us live now
from Rafa in southern Gaza hany so this
new UN resolution calls for more Aid to
get into Gaza what are people there
saying and what sort of a difference
will it make on the ground do you
think yes Darren well so far there is a
sense of a frustration and and
Devastation over the fact that this
resolution did not include not even a
word about a permanent ceasefire because
as of now people are still being killed
at a record number and they were looking
for something that protects their life
from the unpredictable uh Fallen bombs
uh on their homes there are more
residential home being destroyed more
people are being killed more public
facilities are being destroyed the
situations on the ground and when we
just run an assessment of in terms of
Logistics in terms of a crew uh members
who are working with with the
humanitarian Aid in terms of a supply
chain mechanism it all almost does do
not exist on the ground and helps with
the delivery of the and just for the
sake of argument people are saying in
terms of those more increased uh amount
of humanitarian are you are they going
to make it to the northern part and Gaza
City or is it going to be limited only
to the southern part I mean within the
past two two uh days we heard about the
a large amount of food insecurity across
the G trip and imminent starvation those
uh numbers and Analysis suggested that
part of the G trip is in fact is uh is
facing imminent uh famine uh due to
extreme shortage uh of Food Supplies
water and medical supplies and other
survival items the bottom line here
there's is a sense of U of of depression
because what people as of now they're
looking for something that protects
their life not only uh not only uh
receiving uh more Aid they want this
along with the permanent uh seiz fire
because for a large portion of the
population in Gaza when they heard about
the the resolution uh is they said this
is again a repeat of the pause the past
pauses that happen and more of a a
reprieve time they're going to be killed
while they are full this time not hungry
yeah honey and as you say uh Israeli air
strikes continue across Gaza both North
and South hitting several refugee camps
what More's been happening
M well yesterday's all day long and and
overnight the more Relentless air strik
concentrated in the central part of the
Gaza Strip mainly refugee camps at the
Eastern uh side of of the Gaza Strip
mainly at the Eastern side of Salah Road
we're talking about a a combined
population that were ordered uh to EV
evacuate in a preparation for Mass
bombardment we're looking at a little
over 150,000 people were ordered to
leave those area but overnight as people
started to move uh at at early evening
hours uh the large part of these
neighborhoods were targeted destroyed
more of infrastructure and more of a
residential blocks were targeted
directly and destroyed creating more uh
displaced Palestinians who uh ended up
going to uh the again the designated
safe area by the Israeli military in
their unfortunately this very particular
area came under uh heavy bombardment on
artillery Shillings out of of this of
early hour of this morning it completely
shatters any sense of of Safety and
Security and once again uh people uh are
reacting to this by saying they have the
those those narrative about designated
safe area are contradictory vague and
confusing for them as of now they're
confirmed there is no safe area across
the Gaza STP all right Han mmud live for
us there in Rafa in southern Gaza hany
thank you